[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here so the
pixel three and the pixel three Excel
these have been my exclusive phones for
the past couple of weeks mostly the
pixel three I have a preference for the
size I'd like the fact that doesn't have
a notch and I've put more time on this
one than have on the excel but I thought
I'd do a video that contacts with some
things I liked about them some things
that I really don't like about them and
maybe help you decide whether or not you
should get one so I like the size of the
pixel 3 a lot it actually feels way
better in my hand and I thought it would
the glass on the back does scratch very
easily on the white it's not as visible
when you scratch it the color kind of
masks the marks but on the dark colored
version of the pixel it's actually quite
visible so this device with the pixel
stand is a great combination so when you
put it on it charges wirelessly and it
turns your phone into this quasi Google
home it's not as good as a regular
Google home either Mini or Macs just
because the mic sensitivity so normally
on a regular Google home you can be
quite far away from your device and
it'll pick up your voice but for
whatever reason on either the phones
either the XL or the regular you have to
actually be quite close to the phone or
speak at a more elevated volume to be
able to trigger the Google home
functions now that's something that may
be able to fix with software but right
now I do have to speak at a abnormally
loud voice to make these things work
something I noticed with the pixel stand
this is the only wireless charger that
can charge the pixel 3 or the pixel 3
excel at the full 10 Watts all the other
Wireless charges have tried which is
like 5 or 6 of them can only hit slow
wireless charging speeds it'll say that
it's rapidly charging but it isn't if
you check the amperage that's going
through it's quite low and I'm not sure
if that's something they can tweak the
software again but right now you can
only charge these things rapidly through
the pixel stand and that things like 80
bucks which is pretty expensive for a
wireless charger right now the speakers
on these phones are good their stereo
speakers again like the pixel to excel
that I had last year but these sound a
lot better than the pixel to excel
speakers now the pixel 3 like the
regular pixel 3 I think has a better
speaker system than the pixel 3 excel
now this is louder it's definitely a
louder speaker but the speaker on the
left or the speaker on the knotch
is noticeably quieter than the speaker
on the right and this might be something
that wouldn't bother most people if
they're just listening to something for
like 5 or 10 minutes but if you're
watching a movie or if you're going on a
bender and watch
like a ton of music videos on YouTube
and you're using the pixel 3 Excel it
feels weird it's like when you have
headphones and one side is broken so one
headphone is louder than the other it's
just not a great experience and this
only exists on the pixel 3 excel on the
regular pixel 3 there is a noticeable
difference as well if you listen for it
but it's not nearly as pronounced and
even after using these for an extended
period of time they never bothered me I
spent more time with the pixel 3 than
the pixel 3 Excel for the past couple of
weeks my sim card has been in the pixel
3 and I feel that the battery life on
this phone is very average I was
expecting it to be expecting the wrong
word I was hoping for it to be longer
because it's a new phone new technology
new SOC but I found it very similar to
the pixel to excel from last year I'm
ending the day with like 22 maybe 40%
battery life depending what I was doing
it's not disappointing but I was hoping
for better now the display on this phone
is excellent the display in both these
phones was really good I would say that
the pixel 3 Excel display is better
higher resolution but that knotch though
I just I couldn't deal with it I know
there was software to pull it down and
kind of hide it but it never looked
quite right to me that notch was so deep
the pixel 3 screen is more symmetrical
and despite the bigger forehead and chin
it just looks more appropriate to me and
I guess somewhere tolerant of a top and
bottom bezel then a notch now it was a
little bit worried about the resolution
like I haven't used a 1080p screen for a
while but it's really sharp it's an
excellent screen both of these are
running Snapdragon 840 5s or both great
performers but the pixel 3 excel
definitely has better thermal management
when I was running 3d mark repeatedly on
these phones the pixel 3 was dropping a
score pretty quickly after even the
second run the pixel 3 Excel was able to
maintain its core a little bit better
this is not something that most people
are going to care about but if you're
gonna buy these phones and you plan on
playing games on it I would definitely
pick up the excel instead of the regular
three they're both not clocked at the
highest like they're both at 2.5
gigahertz I think instead of their
standard 2.8 so these are not great
gaming phones either way but performance
for regular stuff kick-ass ok RAM
management is the last thing I want to
talk about and this is something that
kind of bugs me about these phones so
these both ship with 4 gigs of RAM which
in 2018 is a very small amount of RAM
there are flagships out there
competitors that are shipping with like
8 some phones are coming out with 10
gigs of RAM like the Black Shark but 4
gigs of RAM on a flagship phone feels
anemic
for 2018 and I'm getting app closures
when I'm running four or five apps which
is really bad particularly with music
streaming apps when you look at
companies like oneplus and they're
sticking eight gigs of ram into phones
that are six hundred bucks it just makes
a phone like this feel out of place and
I get it like when it comes to phone
manufacturing sometimes it's easier and
even cheaper to just stuff phones with
RAM and not have to deal with memory
manager and software like it takes time
and effort and like just a lot of work
to make a phone like this utilize four
gigs of ram efficiently it can be done
and Google's a software company if
there's one company that can do it well
it's Google it's just that right now
this feels really half-baked this phone
should be able to use four gigs of RAM
better but that being said I still think
they should have put more memory in here
because when you have competitors that
are putting in double the amount of
memory for cheaper price it's just a bad
look so are these phones good are they
worth your money now I'm someone who
really values the whole pure or stock
Android experience I know it's something
that a lot of people don't care about
but it's something that I personally
enjoy so for me it is worth the premium
to get that Google experience with the
amazing pixel camera so that camera
you've probably seen tons of videos on
it already is an amazing camera it's
very good at capturing light data it's
powerful it's nitesite is good the top
shot feature is so useful when you have
a kid and you want to get him in a good
photo like this photo would have been
very difficult to get without top shot
that smile on his face lasted a split
second this is actually one of my
favorite photos of him and without top
shot I probably wouldn't been able to
catch it the one thing I don't like
about the camera system on this phone is
that the microphone is really poor a lot
of camera phones don't have great mics
again with this one sticks out as being
really bad but all the things that I
don't love about this phone are
relatively insignificant to me now if
you're someone that really cares about
microphone quality and you want fast
charging from your wireless charger and
all that stuff there are things that are
not perfect but this phone obviously but
for most people if you're willing to pay
that steeper price with that Google
experience in that pixel camera I think
it's a great phone this year ok hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs we'd love to see you guys
next time